hi I'm Megan and omiya reporting live
with parent bank robbery where hostages
have been taken the atmosphere is very
tense as negotiations for hostage
release enters into final phase for
those of you just joining me last week a
man armed gunman entered the building
behind me and he vowed to kill everyone
inside if his demands were not met
look this hostages have been released
something we need them to talk to us
give me how I'm feeling I'm very sorry
about what happened in there
are you sure I would
hi everybody if we could start with your
name please
sure Mickey but if you follow that up
with mouth I'm gonna mop you you seem to
be in very good spirits all things
considered
once they cancel Gilmore Girls because
are they mother-daughter are they
friends I want to know
aha actually Mickey I was talking about
the fact that you've been taken hostage
by an armed presence yes that was awful
I thought I was going to die right then
on why are you laughing I'm sorry just a
little nervous I guess Mickey okay
there's no reason to be nervous because
we are the nudists that cares now your
first thought when you saw the robber
pull out his gun well well I guess my
first thought was I hope my underwear is
absorbent I thought I was gonna piss
myself good when you're wearing khaki
all right I did a little yes Mickey I'm
sure that you were very afraid as we all
would be now you tell me what did the
gunmen look like uh he looked like he
was gonna kill me my face I want to look
him at an eye of your color I was going
to die
I got a am full of urine Mickey um what
did you the other hostages do when the
gunman vowed to kill one of you every
hour oh well I don't but everybody else
but I unplugged the clock Oh
Mickey Mickey are you serious no I'm
Mickey we said it twice and your
question
boom somebody's ass Mickey Mickey um
maybe I I really need for you to calm
down please take us back into the bag
all right but I don't think the tellers
are working flat top I'll be the guy in
first words oh well I would imagine they
were googoo gaga
order party please with anyone hurt
oh yes yes how come well I don't know
about you but I so like this knit one
mr. right dollar neither night party fun
I quit
I think it's just you are tripping well
if you're going to go back to stripping
why don't you do it right here